[H]Register

Name: Users Registration

Actors: Users

Goal: Users do not have an account and want to use the system.

Preconditions: User open registration page.

Main Success Scenario:

1. System will show a general information form to the user.

2. Users fill the valid username and password in the general form.

3. Users fill all general fields in the general form.

4. Users confirm the general form.

5. System will ask the user to fill a food preference form.

6. Users fill the food preference form.

7. Users confirm the registration form.

8. User is registered and logged in.

Extensions (a)

2a. Username is invalid, already existed or password confirmation is mismatched.

3a. System asks the user to input a valid username and password again.

4a. Go back to the main scenario number 2.

Extensions (b)

3b. User didn’t fill some fields in the general form.

4b. Users confirm the general form.

5b. System asks the user to fill all the fields in the general form.

6b. Go back to the main scenario number 3.

Postconditions: None



[H]ndividual Recommendation
Name: Individual Recommendation

Actors: Users

Goal: Users want the system to suggest restaurants for them.

Preconditions: User is logged in and opens an individual recommendation page.

Main Success Scenario:

1. User allows the system to access their current location

2. The system shows a confirmation page to the user.

3. Users confirm the setting.

4. The system will show the suggested restaurant to the user

5. Users select the restaurant that they want to go to.

6. Users see their selected restaurant as a final restaurant.

7. Recommendation completed

Extensions (a)

1a. Users do not allow the system to access their current location.

2a. The nearby restaurant suggestion will be disabled.

3a. Continue to the main scenario number 2.

Extensions (b)

2b. Users change the setting for that meal.

3b. Go back to the main scenario number 3.

Extensions (c)

4c. Users save the restaurant to their favorite list.

5c.  Go back to the main scenario number 5.

Postconditions: None


[H]Group Recommendation
Name: Group Recommendation

Actors: Users

Goal: Users want the system to suggest restaurants for their group.

Preconditions: Users are logged in and open a group recommendation page.

Main Success Scenario:

1. Users allow the system to access their current location.

2. Users see the confirmation page and group pin code.

3. Users share pin code or QR code to others members.

4. Every member joined.

5. Head of the party selects to start the recommendation.

6. Everybody in the group sees the same set of the restaurants.

7. Everybody selects their restaurant they want to go to by their preference.

8. Everybody finished selecting the restaurants.

9. The system shows the final restaurant to the group.

9. Recommendation completed

Extensions (a)

3a. Users choose to join the group by inputting the group pin.

4a. Group pin is invalid.

5a. Users cannot join the invalid pin group.

Extension (b)

6b. Users save the restaurant to their favorite list.

7b. Continue to the main scenario number 7

Postconditions: None


[H]Edit the Food Preference
Actors: Users

Goal: Users want to edit their food preference.

Preconditions: Users are logged in.

Main Success Scenario:

1. Users choose to edit their food preference.

2. The old food preference will be shown and let users edit them.

5. User confirm the modification

Postconditions: None

[H]See the Favorite List
Actors: Users

Goal: Users want to see their restaurant favorite list.

Preconditions: Users are logged in

Main Success Scenario:

1. Users choose to see their favorite list.

2. The system shows a list of their favorite restaurants to the users.

3. Users see their favorite list.

Extensions (a)

3a. Users choose to remove the restaurant from their favorite list.

4a. The restaurant is removed from their favorites list.

Postconditions: None


[H]Logout
Name: Users Logout

Actors: Users

Goal: Users want to logout from the system.

Preconditions: Users are logged in.

Main Success Scenario:

1. User choose to logout

2. User is logged out

Postconditions: None

